---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
permalink: /terms-and-privacy
---

# Privacy Policy, Use of Data & Legal Notices

### Privacy Policy

NAIFA attempts to protect the privacy of those who access the NAIFA website. NAIFA may collect contact and identification information from those visitors to the NAIFA website who voluntarily provide such information, such as their name, NAIFA membership number, company affiliation, title, telephone number, mailing address, e-mail or URL address, designations, year of first license, practice areas, membership type and/or membership history. NAIFA may use this information to process membership applications and renewals, to provide member services, and to contact visitors if NAIFA determines that such contact is appropriate in serving NAIFA members. NAIFA shares contact information from its federation membership list with a few select companies to promote member benefit programs and help raise non-dues revenue. Please notify the NAIFA Member Services Department at 1-877-866-2432 if you do not want NAIFA to make your contact information available to third parties for purposes other than association business. NAIFA's conferences and state and local associations have their own membership list policies and members must contact those organizations individually concerning this subject. NAIFA can provide you with contact information for those organizations, but NAIFA does not control the use of their membership information.

NAIFA also collects information from visitors to the NAIFA website who register for the NAIFA annual convention or who make purchases at the NAIFA Marketplace and who voluntarily provide contact and credit card information for registration or purchase purposes. Except as needed for registration, membership application and renewal, or purchase purposes, or unless required by law, NAIFA does not disclose credit card information to third parties. However, NAIFA does provide contact information about convention attendees to companies that register for the convention. Please notify NAIFA Member Services at 1-877-866-2432 if you do not want NAIFA to share your contact information for this purpose.

NAIFA may also collect information from visitors to the NAIFA website who participate in voluntary online surveys. To better serve its members, NAIFA uses survey information to help gauge opinions and interests of insurance and financial advisors and to gather information about the insurance and financial services industry. Unless required by law, or as otherwise noted in a survey request, NAIFA does not disclose to third parties the identities of those who respond to surveys, but may disclose to the public the survey responses themselves, both individually and in the aggregate.

This Privacy Statement does not apply to any Internet sites that may be linked to the NAIFA website. NAIFA is not responsible for and has no control over the privacy policies, if any, of such external sites.

Notwithstanding NAIFA's efforts to protect the privacy of visitors to the NAIFA website, transmission of sensitive or confidential information to the NAIFA website should be guided by an understanding that electronic communications are not secure against interception.

### Legal Notices and Disclaimers

The content of this website is subject to copyrights and service marks owned or controlled by the National Association of Insurance and Financial Advisors (NAIFA) and/or other entities or persons. No material from this website may be reproduced, downloaded, transmitted, distributed, published, modified or in any way exploited or made part of derivative works, in any form or by any means, without prior express written permission from the owner of the material. Personal, non-commercial, use of material from this website may be made to the limited extent that a single machine-readable copy and/or a single paper copy is made of occasional material of personal interest. In addition, visitors to this website may use the "E-mail to a Friend" function, where applicable, to pass on occasional material of interest to another person. All other rights are reserved.

The NAIFA names, service marks, and logos that appear on this website may not be used in any advertising or publicity, or otherwise used to suggest NAIFA's endorsement, sponsorship of, or affiliation with, any product, service, person or entity, without NAIFA's prior express written permission. Other brand names, product names, trademarks and service marks appearing on this website are the property of their respective owners. This website contains links to other Internet sites. NAIFA has no control over, is not responsible for and does not endorse or recommend such other sites, or the information, products, materials or services available at such other sites, unless such endorsement or recommendation is explicitly stated on NAIFA's website. In such cases, the endorsement or recommendation is strictly limited to the specific information, products, materials or services referred to and none other. NAIFA may allow third parties to advertise on the NAIFA website and to provide a link from the NAIFA website to the third party's website, whereby visitors to the NAIFA website may be transferred to the third party's website. As stated above, NAIFA does not endorse or recommend any such third party or its products or services unless such endorsement or recommendation is explicitly stated on NAIFA's website. NAIFA disclaims all liability for any claims or damages that may result from the use of external websites linked to this site.

This website may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. NAIFA does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of this website. Changes are periodically made to this website and may be made at any time.

THIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NAIFA DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIMS OR DAMAGES THAT MAY RESULT FROM THE USE OR OPERATION OF THIS website. NAIFA DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS website WILL OPERATE WITHOUT ERROR OR THAT THIS website AND ITS SERVER ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES. NAIFA IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR COSTS IF USE OF THIS website RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA OR IF ANY OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR COSTS OCCUR AS A RESULT OF SUCH USAGE.

NAIFA provides the information and services on this website as a benefit and service in furtherance of its nonprofit and tax exempt status. NAIFA makes no representation as to the suitability of these website materials for any purpose. The information and services on this website do not constitute insurance, financial, investment, estate planning, tax, legal, compliance, accounting, or other professional services or advice. NAIFA reminds its website visitors to ensure that the manner in which they sell insurance and other financial products, and the advertising and sales materials they use, comply with state, federal and FINRA/SEC requirements, and the compliance rules of the insurance and other financial companies they represent. The generic nature of information on this website may conflict with specific, and frequently changing, state and federal laws and regulations and the rules of insurance and other financial services companies. If in doubt about compliance issues, check with your company.

### NAIFA Agent Locator Terms of Use

The NAIFA Agent Locator is a proprietary database that allows consumers to locate members of the National Association of Insurance and Financial Advisors (NAIFA) in their area.  Founded in 1890 as The National Association of Life Underwriters (NALU), NAIFA is one of the nation’s oldest and largest associations representing the interests of insurance professionals from every Congressional district in the United States. NAIFA members assist consumers by focusing their practices on one or more of the following: life insurance and annuities, health insurance and employee benefits, multiline, and financial advising and investments. NAIFA’s mission is to advocate for a positive legislative and regulatory environment, enhance business and professional skills, and promote the ethical conduct of its members.

Access to the NAIFA Agent Locator is subject to your acceptance of these Terms of Use.  NAIFA provides online access to its proprietary membership information for the sole purpose of enabling the public to locate NAIFA members in their area in order to obtain information about insurance and financial services.  Use of the NAIFA Agent Locator for any other purpose, including, without limitation, for any commercial or telemarketing purpose, is strictly prohibited.  No material from the NAIFA Agent Locator may be copied, reproduced, downloaded, transmitted, or published, in any form or by any means, other than the creation of a single print copy of material made for a personal, non-commercial, use that is consistent with these Terms of Use.

NAIFA members have provided the information contained in the NAIFA Agent Locator.  NAIFA makes no representations or guarantees, and assumes no responsibility or liability whatsoever, in connection with the content, accuracy, operation or use of the NAIFA Agent Locator.  NAIFA does not control or endorse, and assumes no responsibility or liability whatsoever in connection with, any communications or transactions that may result from use of the NAIFA Agent Locator.  NAIFA disclaims all liability for any claims or damages that may result from use of the NAIFA Agent Locator.  By your use of the NAIFA Agent Locator you agree to indemnify and hold NAIFA harmless from any claim arising from such use.
